# Generating a Data Encryption Config for Kubernetes
Your team is working on setting up a Kubernetes cluster with two controllers and two worker nodes. In order to ensure that the cluster is configured securely, the team wants to enable the feature that allows Kubernetes to encrypt sensitive data at rest. In order to accomplish this, the team needs a Kubernetes data encryption config file containing an encryption key. Your task is to generate an encryption key and create this file, then copy the file to the two Kubernetes master servers.

Objective:
- Generate an encryption key and include it in a Kubernetes data encryption config file.
- Copy the file to the Kubernetes controller servers.

## Generate an Encryption Key and Include It in a Kubernetes Data Encryption Config File
1. Generate the random string we'll use for our encryption key:
```bash
ENCRYPTION_KEY=$(head -c 32 /dev/urandom | base64)
```
2. View the random string we just generated:
```bash
echo $ENCRYPTION_KEY
```
3. Generate our config file:
```bash
cat > encryption-config.yaml << EOF
kind: EncryptionConfig
apiVersion: v1
resources:
  - resources:
      - secrets
    providers:
      - aescbc:
          keys:
            - name: key1
              secret: ${ENCRYPTION_KEY}
      - identity: {}
EOF
```

## Copy the File to the Kubernetes Controller Servers
1. On the lab instructions page, and copy the public IP address for Controller 0.

2. Run the following command, replacing the placeholder with the actual IP address of Controller 0:
```bash
scp encryption-config.yaml cloud_user@<CONTROLLER0_PUBLIC_IP>:~/
```
3. Type **yes** at the prompt.

4. Enter your password when prompted.

5. Copy the encryption config file to the Controller 1 server:
```bash
scp encryption-config.yaml cloud_user@<CONTROLLER1_PUBLIC_IP>:~/
```
6. Type **yes** at the prompt.

7. Enter your password when prompted.